
DARK-AGE GAME DESIGN BY JEROME SALTMARSH

Create 100's of different weapon types ranging from futuristic sci fi to cave man clubs.

Allow the player to create whatever their imagination wants.

TODO
[ ] Particle Cannon
[ ] Teleport Gun
[ ] Portal Gun
[ ] Can left and right attack at the same time.
[ ] Animate weapon, should always point at mouse, create sounds as it moves
[ ]


 When you strike a monster, it should be knocked back, like in super smash bros

 This will add weight

 The combat has to be a source of fun

 Its a central part of the game.

 Have a knocked back animation for the enemies

 Also stunning enemies is a crucial strategy

 Each character choice has a strength and weakness character opposite.

 The player controls are
   - Walk Upward        : W
   - Walk Downward      : S
   - Walk Left          : A
   - Walk Right         : D
   - strike             : left click
   - secondary          : right click


 Its not something I've spent much time trying to imagine.
 Gameplay and combat.
 It hasn't really interested me so far.
 What interested me the most so far was the world itself.
 Bringing it to life.
 Giving it soul and personality
 To allow the gameplay to grow organically.
 I'm happy though with the direction I discovered just recently
 to free the attack up so play can continue to run and attack at the same time
 Allows the game to flow, when a player pauses to attack that adds a delay.

Perhaps these are the conditions necessary for brilliance

Connect each attack, depending on the previous attack
and where the sword is coming from chooses a specific animation.
This will make you feel like a sword master

MASTERY

Perhaps that could be the name of the game

It is perhaps the aim of the game.

Create an enemy squish type character.

It has custom drawn death animations, many

It can get cut two and then reform itself

Different weapons show different death animations.

Each time you level up you can choose a new costume part.

Each costume part offers a unique buff

The clothes and buffs must be interlinked

Each game a player gets to choose a primary and a secondary

A primary is used to do a standard attack
    - sword
    - Num Chucks
    - Mace
    - Whip
    - A bow
    - A crossbow
    - Pistol
    - Shotgun
    - Rifle

A second

The players three main moves are primary attack, secondary attack and guard.

Blocking
    When activated the guard will absorb a large amount of damage added.
    It automatically regenerates over time
    Automatically reduces when active



A secondary could be like a shiriken,

Dashing would be cool but I don't know what key would work

Its already enough, one extra key makes it complicated

You can simply hold two different weapons.

Each weapon can have a secondary attack (right click)

So changing the weapon also changes the primary and secondary attack

A secondary attack may need time to regain before it can be used again

Press Q to swap weapons

You can also carry potions, potions can regain health or offer temporary buffs or even cure ailements.

If you can an ailment on the road you can cure it without having to return to he town healer.

Animate the world when it rains.

Animate trees to have water bouncing off

Brick stairs has water flowing down

The water color doesn't complectely work I find, perhaps its not quite dark enough

Animate a snail that blows out bubbles and a clam

Purchases upgrades for your weapons.

Collect delicious looking fruit to regain health

Put magic into the animation of the creatures

Make them play and have fun

Water should have its own custom rain splash animation.

As it is now doesn't look quite right.

Its difficult to do with nodes which have manual shading

It would require the rain frames to be redrawn manually too

An alternative is to dynamically render the rain splash depending on what

its landing on. For example water has a different darker splash animation


Have those flowers which release their central flowers and the fly through the air.

This will be what spawn those little floating particles

Like yellow

INVISIBILITY
    cloak || potion || spell

DIFFERENT MODES
    Team Mode
    Attack Mode - Free for all
        Spawn somewhere in the wilderness and try to reach level 12.
    You can make allies and enemies.

[TREASURE CHESTS]
    Gameobjects which can be smashed open to or different coloured treasure boxes require
    different color keys to unlock.














